README.md, before:

# MC Server Manager

A web application for managing Minecraft servers with user authentication and dashboard functionality.

## Overview

MC Server Manager provides a web interface to monitor and control Minecraft server instances. The application includes user authentication, server status monitoring, and a dashboard for managing server operations.

## Features

- **User Authentication**: Secure login/logout functionality with JWT tokens
- **User Registration**: Account creation with admin approval system
- **Server Dashboard**: Monitor and manage Minecraft server instances
- **Responsive UI**: Modern interface with mobile-friendly design

## Technology Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js, React, TypeScript, SCSS Modules
- **Backend**: Next.js API Routes
- **Database**: MongoDB with Mongoose
- **Authentication**: JWT, bcrypt for password hashing
- **Styling**: SCSS Modules with responsive design

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js
- MongoDB instance (local or cloud)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Create a `.env` file with the following variables:
   ```
   MONGODB_URI=your_mongodb_connection_string
   MONGODB_DB=your_database_name
   JWT_SECRET=your_jwt_secret_key
   ```
4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Project Structure

- `/app`: Next.js application routes and components
    - `/_components`: Reusable UI components
    - `/api`: Backend API routes
    - `/auth`: Authentication pages
    - `/manager`: Server management pages
- `/lib`: Utility functions and database models
    - `/objects`: MongoDB models
- `/public`: Static assets

## API Endpoints

- `POST /api/auth/signup`: Register a new user
- `POST /api/auth/login`: Authenticate a user
- `GET /api/auth/check`: Verify authentication status
- `POST /api/auth/logout`: Log out a user

## License

MIT License

Commit message:

feat(project): add settable defaults in db, add legal disclaimer, remove deprecated code
Added settable defaults to checkboxes to set in create page from the database, added legal
disclaimer so Mojang doesn't come after me, removed deprecated code regarding darken() function in
SCSS

README.md, after:

# MC Server Manager

A web application for managing Minecraft servers with user authentication and dashboard functionality.

## Overview

MC Server Manager provides a web interface to monitor and control Minecraft server instances. The application includes user authentication, server status monitoring, and a dashboard for managing server operations.

## Features

- **User Authentication**: Secure login/logout functionality with JWT tokens
- **User Registration**: Account creation with admin approval system
- **Server Dashboard**: Monitor and manage Minecraft server instances
- **Responsive UI**: Modern interface with mobile-friendly design

## Technology Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js, React, TypeScript, SCSS Modules
- **Backend**: Next.js API Routes
- **Database**: MongoDB with Mongoose
- **Authentication**: JWT, bcrypt for password hashing
- **Styling**: SCSS Modules with responsive design

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js
- MongoDB instance (local or cloud)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Create a `.env` file with the following variables:
   ```
   MONGODB_URI=your_mongodb_connection_string
   MONGODB_DB=your_database_name
   JWT_SECRET=your_jwt_secret_key
   ```
4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Project Structure

- `/app`: Next.js application routes and components
    - `/_components`: Reusable UI components
    - `/api`: Backend API routes
    - `/auth`: Authentication pages
    - `/manager`: Server management pages
- `/lib`: Utility functions and database models
    - `/objects`: MongoDB models
- `/public`: Static assets

## API Endpoints

- `POST /api/auth/signup`: Register a new user
- `POST /api/auth/login`: Authenticate a user
- `GET /api/auth/check`: Verify authentication status
- `POST /api/auth/logout`: Log out a user

## License

[MIT License](./LICENSE)

# Legal Disclaimer

This website and repository/codebase is not an official Minecraft website and is not associated with Mojang Studios or Microsoft. All product and company names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. Use of these names does not imply any affiliation or endorsement by them.
